Update DataMiner_Compute_Requirements.md (#6275)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer/Reference/DataMiner_Compute_Requirements.md

### Cassandra requirements

> For DataMiner Agents that make use of one or more Cassandra nodes for their [system database](xref:About_storage), additional requirements apply. For these, we follow Cassandra’s official [guidelines](https://docs.datastax.com/en/dseplanning/docs/capacityPlanning.html). A Cassandra node cannot be hosted on the same server as DataMiner anymore, a different server is required. It is also possible to use multiple Cassandra nodes with one DataMiner Agent.

Reviewer: This isn't quite correct, as it is possible to host Cassandra on the same server as DataMiner using WSL (supported for small-scale setups only). Perhaps we can change this like this?

```suggestion
For DataMiner Agents that make use of one or more Cassandra nodes for their [system database](xref:About_storage), additional requirements apply. For these, we follow Cassandra’s official [guidelines](https://docs.datastax.com/en/dseplanning/docs/capacityPlanning.html).

Cassandra nodes must be hosted on Linux. For small-scale setups, Cassandra can be hosted on the same server as DataMiner using WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux). To set this up, you can use the [pre-installed DataMiner Virtual Hard Disk](xref:Using_a_pre_installed_DataMiner_Virtual_Hard_Disk).
```

@OnyxBit, what do you think?

Reviewer 2: Yep, sensible. LGTM
